Migration support (#674)
realm/realm-kotlin: CHANGELOG.md

* Add support for fine-grained notification on Realm lists. `RealmList.asFlow()` yields `ListChange` that represent the `InitialList`, `UpdatedList` or `DeletedList` states.
* Add support for fine-grained notifications on Realm query results. `RealmResults.asFlow()` yields `ResultsChange` that represent the `InitialResults` or `UpdatedResults` states.
* Add support for fine-grained notifications on `RealmSingleQuery`. `RealmSingleQuery.asFlow()` yields `SingleQueryChange` that represent the `PendingObject`, `InitialObject`, `UpdatedObject` or `DeletedObject` states.

> * Add support for data migration as part of a schema upgrade through `RealmConfiguration.Builder.migration(RealmMigration)` (Issue [#87](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/87))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for data migration as part of an automatic schema upgrade through `RealmConfiguration.Builder.migration(RealmMigration)` (Issue [#87](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/87))
```
